<ID: 10085>
<Country: CHN>
<Assignment: 1>
<Draft: A>
<Semester in School: 1>
<Gender: F>
<Term writing: Fall 2014>
<College: LA>
<Program: Undecided Liberal Arts>
<TOEFL-total: 096>
<TOEFL-reading: 27>
<TOEFL-listening: 23>
<TOEFL-speaking: 19>
<TOEFL-writing: 27>

Writing is a vital topic between children and parents. because some parents think writing include vocabulary grammar logic are crucial for children.

I grew up in china Beijing where is a historical and traditional city. Chinese language has two thousand of history. I remember my mother read folk story for me and teach me how to read it. I need to study PinYin alike English letters. but it is essential for me to learn. my mother often read loudly and ask me to act a character.sometimes I act a rabbit  my mother a act a wolf. we have fancy communication. I can talk a lot of folk stories with my friends. so I begin to imagine many interesting folk story write in my diary. I often share with my mother. maybe there are some wrong with my diary that help me to expand my vocabulary.

When I went to kindergarten. I have new experience in my writing life. my teacher teach us a lot of music. such as edelweiss and the two of tiger. we get a lot of happiness because teacher write down the melody and lyric in the blackboard I can learn enormous word from music class and then I will sing a song every night in the front from my family. my family often give me a applause that let me have more confidence in my writing life. because in many times I practice I can organize my word more and more logical. so write a lot of fantastic things in my diary. maybe I can not write in correct grammar but it is a good beginning of my writing life.

In my primary school  I was sorted a Chinese teacher. she is very strict about Chinese writing. she teach me how to write a completely sentence. I practice many different type about sentence. although I have terrible grammar in sentence so my teacher often one to one for me to help improve writing skill. take me for example my teacher often take some picture let us to crate some sentence we can imagine what I want to write. we try our best because everyone want to get teacher ‘s praise. if you write well you can show you sentence in front of all class student. it is opportunity to show your ability.

In my middle school  it is my new experience  because I start to study new language. in my perception it is hard because I have to remember many different words and my teacher take quiz everyday. I am so tired and boring. so I got very low score. I have very lose. lucky , I have a friend. she was so care about me. she encourage me to do my best. So she teach me English. in the morning she come to my home and help me to remember words. she make many words card. she ask me how to spell.if I correct she will sing a English song. we have a great time in my middle school. 

In high school what a busy life  we have many test in every week. in Chinese test we need write a essay about 800 words. it require your grammar vocabulary organization. so I join a writing club. we can discuss about your opinion and give your advice. it is essential for your essay. when I join the club I got many simple. it benefit for me to expand my simple. club give me a immense help. I often share my experience with my club friend. it is pleasure to listen other people talking because it can broaden your horizon. writing is important role in my study. not only Chinese writing but also English writing. reading book can promote writing skill. because I can accumulate vocabulary and different sort of things. so I attend many activity. such as planet tree  800 run English speaking competition  I got many experience that can write in my essay my teacher often tell us writing origin from your life. writing is your diary.

In conclusion writing contain my happiness sadness touched feeling. so it help me to realize what I need to do what I need to learn.


