Belligerent and numerous. You're going to do his laundry? No! The cat shelter's on to me. I love you, buddy! Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient?

The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate. Throw her in the brig. Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory.

Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Yes! In your face, Gandhi! How much did you make me? Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money! Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!

Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised. I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians.

Ow, my spirit! Pansy. And why did 'I' have to take a cab? No. We're on the top.

You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig". Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family.

Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very… You lived before you met me?! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!

Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral! I meant 'physically'. Look, perhaps you could let me work for a little food? I could clean the floors or paint a fence, or service you sexually?

Bender, quit destroying the universe! I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.

That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. Ow, my spirit! I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan!

Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts! Oh yeah, good luck with that. Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments."

Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk! Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo! No, just a regular mistake.

Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. No. We're on the top. These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN! There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors!

I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards.

She also liked to shut up! You can see how I lived before I met you. Negative, bossy meat creature! Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.

That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. No! The cat shelter's on to me. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?