Let's do that again. Even trees need a friend. We all need friends. Just make a decision and let it go. This piece of canvas is your world. We don't really know where this goes - and I'm not sure we really care. Of course he's a happy little stone, cause we don't have any other kind.

Anything you want to do you can do here. These trees are so much fun. I get started on them and I have a hard time stopping. Talk to trees, look at the birds. Whatever it takes. We don't need any guidelines or formats. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us. Look around, look at what we have. Beauty is everywhere, you only have to look to see it.

Let's do it again then, what the heck. No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen. Take your time. Speed will come later.

Use absolutely no pressure. Just like an angel's wing. Fluff it up a little and hypnotize it. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe. We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. The only prerequisite is that it makes you happy. If it makes you happy then it's good. Everyone wants to enjoy the good parts - but you have to build the framework first.

If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. In your imagination you can go anywhere you want. Let that brush dance around there and play. Now it's beginning to make a little sense.

Just let go - and fall like a little waterfall. Maybe there's a happy little bush that lives right there. The more we do this - the more it will do good things to our heart. A beautiful little sunset. We don't have anything but happy trees here. See how easy it is to create a little tree right in your world.

We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. That's what makes life fun. That you can make these decisions. That you can create the world that you want. It's hard to see things when you're too close. Take a step back and look. Everyone needs a friend. Friends are the most valuable things in the world. Paint anything you want on the canvas. Create your own world.

